A machine design must contain one part which is obsolete, two parts which are unobtainable, and three parts which are still under development.     
Any simple theory will be worded in the most complicated terms.     
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.     
Anyone can handle a crisis. It's everyday living that kills you.
Anyone in good enough condition to run three miles a day is in good enough condition not to have to.     
Art is a passion pursued with discipline; science is a discipline pursued with passion.     
As scarce as truth is, the supply invariably exceeds the demand.     
As the rabbit said, if that ain't a wolf, it's a hell of a big dog.     
Ask your children what they want for dinner only if they are buying.     
Assumptions, so often full of holes, remain precious to the convinced.     
At best, life is a spiral and never a pendulum. What has been done cannot be undone.     
Bad weather forecasts are more often right than good ones.     
Bankers are the assassins of hope.     
Basic research is what you do when you don't know what you are doing.     
Be a corporate good citizen; hire the morally handicapped.     
Be kind to your web-footed friends; that duck may be a buyer.     
There's no intelligent life down here.     
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes right to the bone.     
Behind every successful man is an astonished mother-in-law.     
Being king is not much fun if no one knows you are one.     
Bend the facts to fit the conclusion. It's easier that way.     
Beware of all enterprises requiring new clothes.     
Black holes are outa sight!     
Blessed are the censors, for they shall inhibit the earth.     
Blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the crap.
Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.    
Blessed be he who is called a big wheel, for he goeth around in circles.  
Bosses come and bosses go, but a good secretary lasts forever.
Bullshit baffles brains.     
By the time most of us have money to burn, our fire's gone out.     
By working faithfully 8 hours a day, you may eventually get to be a boss and work 12 hours a day.     
Celibacy is not hereditary.     
Cheer up. The first hundred years are the hardest!
Children are a comfort in your old age, and they will even help youreach it.    
Civil servants are neither civil nor servile.     
Common sense is instinct. Enough of it is genius.     
Computers are unreliable but humans are more unreliable. Any system which depends upon human reliability is unreliable.You can rely on it.     
Confidence is the feeling you had before you knew better.
Construct a system that even a fool can use and only a fool will want to use it.     
Crime is merely politics without the excuses.     
Crisis management works beautifully until an actual crisis occurs.     
Da trouble wit computers is, dey got no sense of humor.   
Days you attend top-level meetings and days you get hiccups tend to fall on the same dates.     
Degeneration and evolution are not the same thing.     
Desperate diseases require desperate remedies.     
Did you know that if you maintain a cholesterol-free diet, your body makes its own cholesterol.     
Diogenes is still searching.     
Distrust your first impressions; they are invariably too favorable.     
Don't be afraid to take a big step. You cannot cross a chasm in two small steps.     
Don't be so humble...you aren't that great.     
Don't hit a man when he's down unless you are damned certain he won't get up.     
Don't wear earmuffs in a bed of rattlesnakes.     
Don't worry about what other people are thinking of you. They're too busy worrying about what you are thinking of them.     
Dr. Faustus, call your service.   
During Britain's "brain drain," not a single politician left thecountry.     
    